Okay, okay, get up, get up
For the sake of my apprentice
I'll save you this time
Do you know the rules of the old man?
Of course, 100 million people kill one.
Your rules are known to everyone in the rivers and lakes
Kill one kill one
You have to kill someone
There is a balance between life and death in this world
Heaven and Yama don't blame China
If the old man has to kill someone
I am willing to pay for my life
For this fool
Are you worth it?
Nothing is worth it
And now he looks like this.
It's all the fault of our delivery management.
We owe him
field reaction
OK
Sales leaked to the doctor
I can't repay you in this life
I'm still being a cow and a horse for you.